A habit cannot be tossed out the window; it must be coaxed down the stairs a step at a time. And once you understand that habits can change, you have the freedom and the responsibility to remake them. -Charles DuhiggDiscipline is choosing between what you want now and what you want most. -Abraham Lincoln
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. -BuddhaFeeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have. -Dale CarnegieFirst forget inspiration. Habit is more dependable. Habit will sustain you whether you’re inspired or not. -Octavia ButlerGood habits are worth being fanatical about. -John IrvingGood habits formed at youth make all the difference. - AristotleHabit is the intersection of knowledge (what to do), skill (how to do), and desire (want to do). -Stephen R. CoveyHabits change into character. -OvidHappiness is a habit—cultivate it. -Elbert HubbardI fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks, but I do fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. -Bruce LeeIf you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude. -Colin PowellIn essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions.It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.-Tony Robbins
Let today be the day you give up who you've been for who you can become. -Hal ElrodLife is habit. Or rather life is a succession of habits. -Samuel BeckettMotivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. - Jim RohnPractice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing you do that makes you good. -Malcolm GladwellSuccess is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out. -Robert CollierSuccessful people are simply those with successful habits. -Brian TracyThe chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. -Samuel JohnsonThe trick to success is to choose the right habit and bring just enough discipline to establish it. -Gary Keller and Jay PapasanThe world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking. -Albert EinsteinThere is no elevator to success, you have to take the stairs. -Zig ZiglarTis easier to prevent bad habits than to break them. - Benjamin FranklinWe are our own potters; for our habits make us, and we make our habits. -Frederick LangbridgeWe are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. - Will DurantWinning is not a sometime thing; it’s an all-time thing. You don’t win once in a while, you don’t do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. -Vince Lombardi
Wouldn't it be great to be gifted? In fact... It turns out that choices lead to habits. Habits become talents. Talents are labeled gifts. You're not born this way, you get this way. -Seth Godin
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones. -Benjamin FranklinYou’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine. -John C. Maxwell
YOU COULD NOT LIVE WITH YOUR OWN FAILURE, AND WHERE DID THAT BRING YOU? BACK TO ME. - Thanos
The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.You learn more from failure then from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up.If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.People who are crazy enough to think they can change the word, are the ones who do.Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated.Knowing is not enough; We must apply. Wishing is not enough; We must do.Imagine your life is perfect in every aspect; What would it look like?We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.Whether you think you can or think you can’t, You’re right.The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.Creativity is intelligence having fun.Do what you can all you have, wherever you are.To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage.Reading is to the mind, As Exercise is to the body.A room without books is like a body without soul.Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities.You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great .